docs/config/oidc.md, before:

# OIDC Single Sign-On (SSO)

To enable OIDC, you must enable "Allow users to login with OIDC" in the admin settings page at [https://example.com/admin/settings/general/](https://example.com/admin/settings/general/).

You may need the redirect URL for your Identity Provider (IdP). The `REDIRECT_URL` should be set to [https://example.com/api/auth/oidc\_login](https://example.com/api/auth/oidc_login).

If you set `OIDC_FORCE_AUTHN=True`, the login page will automatically redirect to the OIDC IdP.

## Role Mapping

In this example, we use CAS as the IdP and modify the `zoneinfo` field to display group information. You can see `OIDC_ROLE_PATH_IN_RETURN='zoneinfo'` is set accordingly.

If your groups (roles) are stored deeper in the JSON structure, like:

```json
{
    "A": "A",
    "B": {
        "roles": [
            "ROLE_A",
            "ROLE_B"
        ]
    }
}
```

You can set `OIDC_ROLE_PATH_IN_RETURN='B.roles'` using dots.

There are three patterns to map ChiefOnboarding's role with `OIDC_ROLE`:

1.  For `Admin`, apply `OIDC_ROLE_ADMIN_PATTERN` to `OIDC_ROLE`
2.  For `Manager`, apply `OIDC_ROLE_MANAGER_PATTERN` to `OIDC_ROLE`
2.  For `Newhire`, apply `OIDC_ROLE_NEW_HIRE_PATTERN` to `OIDC_ROLE`

`OIDC_ROLE_DEFAULT` is used to set other users' roles; you likely don't need to change it. If you don't want to use role mapping, simply leave it as a space.

If you do not want the OIDC provider to update roles, then you can disable it by setting `OIDC_ROLE_UPDATING` to `False`.

## Logout

Since this is an SSO implementation, we recommend setting `OIDC_LOGOUT_URL`. When you log out, it will redirect to the `OIDC_LOGOUT_URL`.

## Configuration example
Here's the updated configuration example:

```ini
OIDC_LOGIN_DISPLAY="Custom-OIDC"
OIDC_CLIENT_ID=XXXXX
OIDC_CLIENT_SECRET=XXXXXX
OIDC_AUTHORIZATION_URL=https://example.com/oidc/authorize
OIDC_TOKEN_URL=https://example.com/oidc/accessToken
OIDC_USERINFO_URL=https://example.com/oidc/profile
OIDC_LOGOUT_URL=https://example.com/cas/logout
OIDC_SCOPES='openid email name profile'
OIDC_FORCE_AUTHN=True
OIDC_ROLE_UPDATING=True
OIDC_ROLE_NEW_HIRE_PATTERN='^cn=Newhires.*'
OIDC_ROLE_ADMIN_PATTERN='^cn=Administrators.*'
OIDC_ROLE_MANAGER_PATTERN='^cn=Managers.*'
OIDC_ROLE_DEFAULT=3
OIDC_ROLE_PATH_IN_RETURN='groups'
```

Commit message:

update docs and fix bugs

docs/config/oidc.md, after:

# OIDC Single Sign-On (SSO)

Please read the allauth docs here: [OIDC setup config](https://docs.allauth.org/en/latest/socialaccount/providers/openid_connect.html)

You can add that config in your environment variables under `SSO_PROVIDERS` (dict).

## Role Mapping

By default `OIDC_ROLE_PATH_IN_RETURN` is set to an empty string. You should change it depending on where it can find the info for mapping the user info.

If your groups (roles) are stored deeper in the JSON structure, like:

```json
{
    "A": "A",
    "B": {
        "roles": [
            "ROLE_A",
            "ROLE_B"
        ]
    }
}
```

You can set `OIDC_ROLE_PATH_IN_RETURN='B.roles'` using dots.

There are three patterns to map ChiefOnboarding's role with `OIDC_ROLE`:

1.  For `Admin`, apply `OIDC_ROLE_ADMIN_PATTERN`
2.  For `Manager`, apply `OIDC_ROLE_MANAGER_PATTERN`
2.  For `Newhire`, apply `OIDC_ROLE_NEW_HIRE_PATTERN`

You can use regex to match the pattern.

The default is a "other", this is a user with only access to the colleagues and resources page (resources page will be empty as none are assigned by default).

## Configuration example
Here's the updated configuration example:

```ini
SOCIALACCOUNT_PROVIDERS={"openid_connect": {"OAUTH_PKCE_ENABLED": True, "APPS": [{"provider_id": "other-server",...}]}}
SSO_AUTO_CREATE_USER=True # disable this if you don't want to create new users, you can ignore the ones below in that case
OIDC_ROLE_NEW_HIRE_PATTERN='^cn=Newhires.*'
OIDC_ROLE_ADMIN_PATTERN='^cn=Administrators.*'
OIDC_ROLE_MANAGER_PATTERN='^cn=Managers.*'
OIDC_ROLE_PATH_IN_RETURN='groups'
```
