docs/Development.md, before:

---
order: 70
---

# Development

If you want to contribute or just play around with the source code, the first step would be to download the source code. Then run this to get it all up and running: 

```
docker-compose up
```

Please note that it could take a few seconds everything is set up. Ignore any error messages you see, this is generally because the database hasn't been migrated yet. It will do that at the end automatically.
Once it's ready, it should also have a bunch of test data in there to get you started quickly.

Once it's ready, go to [http://0.0.0.0:8000](http://0.0.0.0:8000) and you should see the login screen.

The login credentials are:

```
Email: admin@example.com
Password: admin
```

## Adding a new language

If you want to add a new language, then you will have to follow these steps:

Replace `lang` with the shortname of your language (e.g. `nl`, `en`, or `es`) in the command below

```
docker-compose run --rm web django-admin makemessages -l lang
```

It will generate a new file for you to fill in. It's a `.po` that you can edit (with a text editor or through one of the many tools).

Up next, you will need to add the language to the list of languages. Go to `back/back/settings.py` and add your language to this array `https://github.com/chiefonboarding/ChiefOnboarding/blob/v2.0/back/back/settings.py#L371`. That way, it will show up in the lists to choose the language.


## Updating existing translations
Simply run this command and it will update all current translations:

```
docker-compose run --rm web django-admin makemessages -l tr -l pt -l nl -l jp -l fr -l es -l de
```

Commit message:

Add option to write debug logs to console (#258)

docs/Development.md, after:

---
order: 70
---

# Development

If you want to contribute or just play around with the source code, the first step would be to download the source code. Then run this to get it all up and running: 

```
docker-compose up
```

Please note that it could take a few seconds everything is set up. Ignore any error messages you see, this is generally because the database hasn't been migrated yet. It will do that at the end automatically.
Once it's ready, it should also have a bunch of test data in there to get you started quickly.

Once it's ready, go to [http://0.0.0.0:8000](http://0.0.0.0:8000) and you should see the login screen.

The login credentials are:

```
Email: admin@example.com
Password: admin
```

## Enable better logging
If you want to start developing/debugging and need more verbose log messages, then you can enable debug log messages with this environment setting:

```
DEBUG_LOGGING = True
```

## Adding a new language

If you want to add a new language, then you will have to follow these steps:

Replace `lang` with the shortname of your language (e.g. `nl`, `en`, or `es`) in the command below

```
docker-compose run --rm web django-admin makemessages -l lang
```

It will generate a new file for you to fill in. It's a `.po` that you can edit (with a text editor or through one of the many tools).

Up next, you will need to add the language to the list of languages. Go to `back/back/settings.py` and add your language to this array `https://github.com/chiefonboarding/ChiefOnboarding/blob/v2.0/back/back/settings.py#L371`. That way, it will show up in the lists to choose the language.


## Updating existing translations
Simply run this command and it will update all current translations:

```
docker-compose run --rm web django-admin makemessages -l tr -l pt -l nl -l jp -l fr -l es -l de
```
